README.md, before:

# README Testimonials WordPress Plugin

[![Codeship status](https://www.codeship.io/projects/b5524630-43f6-0131-3b4d-76a8e32a74d4/status)](https://www.codeship.io/projects/10739)
[![ProjectStatus](http://stillmaintained.com/michael-cannon/testimonials-widget.png)](http://stillmaintained.com/michael-cannon/testimonials-widget)

## Welcome to the Testimonials Github repository

Testimonials plugin allows you to display random or selected portfolio, quotes, reviews, showcases, or text with images on your WordPress blog.

While the documentation for the [Testimonials plugin](http://wordpress.org/plugins/testimonials-widget/) can be found at WordPress.org Plugin Directory, here you can browse the source of the project, find and discuss open issues and, even [contribute yourself](https://github.com/michael-cannon/testimonials-widget/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Installation

Here's a [guide on how to install Testimonials in your WordPress site](http://wordpress.org/plugins/testimonials-widget/installation/). If you want to run the Git version though, you have two options:

* You can clone the GitHub repository: https://github.com/michael-cannon/testimonials-widget.git
* Download it directly as a ZIP file: https://github.com/michael-cannon/testimonials-widget/archive/master.zip

This will download the latest development version of Testimonials by Michael Cannon. While this version is usually stable, it is not recommended for use in a production environment.

## Bugs

If you find an issue, [let us know here](https://github.com/michael-cannon/testimonials-widget/issues/new)!

## Support

This is a developer's portal for Testimonials by Michael Cannon and should not be used for support. Please visit the [Testimonials Knowledge Base](https://aihrus.zendesk.com/categories/20104507-Testimonials-Widget) for frequently asked questions, offering ideas, or getting support.

## Contributions

Anyone is welcome to contribute to Testimonials. Please [read the guidelines](https://github.com/michael-cannon/testimonials-widget/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for contributing to this repository.

There are various ways you can contribute:

* [Raise an issue](https://github.com/michael-cannon/testimonials-widget/issues) on GitHub.
* Fork Testimonials and send us a Pull Request with your bug fixes and/or new features.
* [Translate Testimonials by Michael Cannon into different languages](https://aihrus.zendesk.com/entries/23691557-How-do-I-change-Testimonials-Widget-text-labels-).
* Provide feedback and [suggestions on enhancements](https://github.com/michael-cannon/testimonials-widget/issues?direction=desc&labels=Enhancement&page=1&sort=created&state=open).

## Thank You

* Thank you [WordPress SEO by Yoast](https://github.com/jdevalk/wordpress-seo/blob/master/README.md) for this README.md and like inspirations.

Commit message:

Release version 3.0.0
git-svn-id: https://plugins.svn.wordpress.org/testimonials-widget/trunk@1007448 b8457f37-d9ea-0310-8a92-e5e31aec5664

README.md, after:

# Developer Readme - Testimonials Widget

[![Codeship status](https://www.codeship.io/projects/b5524630-43f6-0131-3b4d-76a8e32a74d4/status)](https://www.codeship.io/projects/10739)
[![ProjectStatus](http://stillmaintained.com/michael-cannon/testimonials-widget.png)](http://stillmaintained.com/michael-cannon/testimonials-widget)

## Welcome to the Testimonials Widget Github repository

Testimonials Widget plugin allows you to display random or selected portfolio, quotes, reviews, showcases, or text with images on your WordPress blog.

While the documentation for the [Testimonials Widget plugin](http://wordpress.org/plugins/testimonials-widget/) can be found at WordPress.org Plugin Directory, here you can browse the source of the project, find and discuss open issues and, even [contribute yourself](https://github.com/michael-cannon/testimonials-widget/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Installation

Here's a [guide on how to install Testimonials Widget in your WordPress site](http://wordpress.org/plugins/testimonials-widget/installation/). If you want to run the Git version though, you have two options:

* You can clone the GitHub repository: https://github.com/michael-cannon/testimonials-widget.git
* Download it directly as a ZIP file: https://github.com/michael-cannon/testimonials-widget/archive/master.zip

This will download the latest development version of Testimonials Widget. While this version is usually stable, it is not recommended for use in a production environment.

## Bugs

If you find an issue, [let us know here](https://github.com/michael-cannon/testimonials-widget/issues/new)!

## Support

This is a developer's portal for Testimonials Widget and should not be used for support. Please visit the [Testimonials Widget Knowledge Base](https://aihrus.zendesk.com/categories/20104507) for frequently asked questions, offering ideas, or getting support.

## Contributions

Anyone is welcome to contribute to Testimonials Widget. Please [read the guidelines](https://github.com/michael-cannon/testimonials-widget/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for contributing to this repository.

There are various ways you can contribute:

* [Raise an issue](https://github.com/michael-cannon/testimonials-widget/issues) on GitHub.
* Fork Testimonials Widget and send a Pull Request with your bug fixes and/or new features.
* [Translate Testimonials Widget into different languages](https://aihrus.zendesk.com/entries/23691557).
* Provide feedback and [suggestions on enhancements](https://github.com/michael-cannon/testimonials-widget/issues?direction=desc&labels=Enhancement&page=1&sort=created&state=open).

## Thank You

* Thank you [WordPress SEO by Yoast](https://github.com/jdevalk/wordpress-seo/blob/master/README.md) for this README.md and like inspirations.
